README.md, before:

# Pebble Remind Me

Create reminders on your Pebble watch the easiest possible way.

## Idea

Dumb, repetitive and mechanical tasks (doing the dishes, taking a shower, driving to work, jogging, what-have-you) are always a good opportunity for my mind to wander, and often the times when ideas sprouts and *to-do*'s come back to mind. When those ideas come up, my usual way to treat them is to postpone them to after the task at hands, as I'm probably not in a position to take notes (hands are wet, or on the wheel, etc.).
Unfortunately, most of the times I fail to remember the idea when I get in better disposition to write it down, or to process it.

**Remind Me** is my solution to this problem. My own digital way to tie a knot to my handkerchief, to tie a string around my index finger, or to throw a slipper, a book, or any other unusual item in the middle of the room's floor, always on my wrist.

## How it works

The main postulate is that often, I don't need to be reminded of what was the idea, I just need to be reminded I had it a short time ago, and the idea will easily resurface. The very first version of **Remind Me** will allow just this: define an "empty" reminder that will notify me in 10 minutes, probably a time when I can act on the idea (write it down, do it, etc.).

Commit message:

Update version to 1.0, and improve and complete Readme file.

README.md, after:

# RemindMe

Create reminders on your Pebble watch the easiest possible way.

## Idea

Dumb, repetitive and mechanical tasks (doing the dishes, taking a shower, driving to work, jogging, what-have-you) are always a good opportunity for my mind to wander, and often the times when ideas sprout and *to-do*'s come back to mind. When those ideas come up, my usual way to treat them is to postpone them to after the task at hands, as I'm probably not in a position to take notes (hands are wet, or on the wheel, etc.).
Unfortunately, most of the times I fail to remember the idea when I get in better disposition to write it down, or to process it.

**RemindMe** is my solution to this problem. My own digital way, always on my wrist, to tie a knot to my handkerchief, to tie a string around my index finger, or to throw a slipper, a book, or any other unusual item in the middle of the room's floor.

## How it works

At the moment **RemindMe**'s main screen is a list of all your notes, which you can enter to display in full or delete, and a way to add dictated notes. I suggest you link a Quick Launch button to **RemindMe**, so that you can open the "new note" dictation screen in only one long click from your watchface.

## Features

Version 1.0 only includes a quick note system that allows you to create time-stamped text notes.

## To do

I wish to bring this application far, and have a lot of ideas that I want to implement. Here is a non-exhaustive list:

- simple language detection: detect time information (maybe more) in the transcribed text
- notifications: schedule a wakeup call at the right time to remind the user
- edit a note: allow to edit or complete a note after voice creation (change reminding time, etc.)
- insert notes/reminders in the Pebble's Timeline
- tag notes/reminders with keywords (shopping list, todo, etc.)
- Pebble Round optimizations
- internationalization
- make the app somehow compatible with OG Pebble and Pebble Steel (only when they get SDK 3.x though!)
- and so many more...
